waves from the Antarctic beat against
Australia's southern shores year by year
century by century this coastline is
retreating leaving behind relics of its
past frontiers
west of Melbourne limestone stacks
called the Twelve Apostles rise a
hundred and fifty feet above the waves
new snacks are constantly being formed
as waves cut into the headlands on both
sides
harder rocks more resistant to erosion
survive longer
[Music]
the different layers of limestone were
laid down a sediment on the floor of an
ancient and long-vanished sea the ocean
is now reclaiming the land that it once
helped to create
[Music]
you